# Journal Entry - Week 5 - 8 (2-9 - 3-6)
Alright, so it’s time to turn over a new leaf with my journal entries. I somehow lost track of doing them, and tried to take a catch-up approach to writing them, covering a couple of weeks at a time. But as I am now several weeks behind in writing them, that obviously didn’t work out well. So, I’m going to just leave those weeks behind, and start fresh beginning this current week. And, in order to do that, I’m going to give a whirlwind summary of everything I’ve done in the past few weeks.

For the most part, I spent these weeks going through Code Katas in Ruby using test driven development with RSPEC. So, I’ve now completed the Fizzbuzz Kata, the Roman Numerals Kata, the Yahtzee Kata, and the Triangle Kata, all using object oriented principles as best as I could, and using TDD. I am feeling better and better about my grasp of Ruby as a language, as well as OO and TDD.   
 
Leading up to my final week in this time period, I had my first official review. I felt really good about the feedback I got during the review, and felt that the reviewers recognized the progress I have made in learning Ruby. The biggest feedback I got was pairing more widely, and working on improving my development environment. 

I spent the week that followed pairing with other developers, observing their environments, and doing some research on my own. What followed were some pretty substantial changes to my environment and process, including switching to Sublime and iTerm from Coda and Terminal — two changes which I think will benefit me tremendously in the long run. I also found some good plugins for running Ruby tests in Sublime, made some configuration updates on my machine, and set up some new apps to help with workflow. Feeling pretty good about all that.

