# Journal Entry - Week 9 (3-9 - 3-13)
This last week was, admittedly, the toughest one I’ve had so far in all of the apprenticeship. I don’t know if that was because of a lack of sleep brought on by the stupid, stupid time change; or because of the insanely-long drives home brought on by the aforementioned time change and bad weather; or because of the fact that we just started learning JavaScript; or because of a combination of all three. I’m guessing it was a combination, but either way, it was tough. And I am now removed from it by a couples days and I’m feeling like I’m playing catch up.

So, this past week we started learning JavaScript, which was what I viewed as the most important outcome of this apprenticeship going into it. I started off really eager to take on a new language, but that excitement quickly morphed into a bit of frustration. JavaScript is a lot harder that Ruby — with a less forgiving syntax, and prototypical inheritance that is challengingly different than the class-based inheritance I had gotten used to in Ruby. Nevertheless, I dug in, and went through a bunch of Treehouse courses that I think got me well on my way to understanding it better. I now feel like I have a stronger grasp on the syntax, as well as a better understanding of how to write Object Oriented JavaScript.

But, this was just a quick tease of JavaScript, as we’re now expected to dive back into Ruby, doing the dreaded Game of Life Kata. I’m not sure how I’ll do with going back and forth between programming languages at this early stage, and I’m feeling a little overwhelmed about digging into a tough problem when I’m already feeling a little rusty when it comes to Ruby. Maybe reviewing some of my older code would be helpful, or doing a couple of Treehouse courses in Ruby to refresh my memory.

Finally, this was the first week I was expected to contribute to The Foundry (the blog on the Sparkbox site). Going along with the theme of this week, I had a tough time of it. It took me going through several ideas — most of which were probably too personal to be universally beneficial to anyone else who read them — before I was able to come up with what I think is a good idea. I ultimately settled on writing about a struggle that had come up from my first formal review: leveling up my development environment. I’ll be writing that this coming week, and hopefully something good will come from it.

